Hi, guys.
Walker In this lecture, we are going to start working on a new section for the category section.
We are going to do that later in the course.
Okay.
Now, to start working on the new IRA section, the first thing you are going to need to do is to go
back to the good.
Now it's obvious much more clinical.
We are also going to create a new fly over this.
We get territory.
And you're gonna call this fi category on the score list then dot that.
Okay.
Now you're going to need to use go through and we to make this wide.
This business is not going to change.
We can use a stateless widget as well.
You can call this category list that over you.
We need to highlight and use control and ods in order to import the material that that's why.
Okay.
Now, although I've finished up, you can see we have to remain.
We jet over here.
That is the test we get.
The test we get and the icon widget and these two widgets have been displayed horizontally.
That is from left to right.
So I see no record abusing the widget court rule.
Okay, so now what?
Each side of the container is going to be a row widgets, right.
And as you know, a Roman that can take multiple widgets.
So it's as this to it.
Okay.
Now, the first child we are going to need is a test widget, right?
The first test is just going to say, New River, you can give his thigh to this.
Just I.
We can give a font size that is our bigger is going to be a font size of 22.
Then we can give you fonts with this.
That is fonts with.
Dodds Bert.
Okay.
Now you can then use control and associate.
Then.
We can then go to our own.
For the.
So you're not unaffordable, Phi Phi then that we can import the category.
List.
Right.
Okay.
This area then is controlled as a safe and good check what you just did.
You going to sit here now?
Right.
Okay.
You're going to see the.
Great.
Now the second thing that we need is a test we get right is also a test widget that is this view of.
Of you.
We can just call her as city your.
Okay.
So we're going to go back to the category list.
Then we're going to need to have another test we get.
So sorry.
You can see this is the first test we get and it's yet that is why I always need to go to all this other
training.
Okay, I've tried this.
Okay.
Then.
Now we can have another test.
Right.
Which is just going to say you.
Okay.
I'm trying to save a good check.
Now the next widget we're going to need is this Harrow, right?
Okay.
So after this test, we did as well.
We're going to need the chain of command.
Then we're just going to use a container so we have access to more properties.
Then the child is going to be, as I call widgets for the icon is going to be icons dot arrow or this
go forward.
I think for what it's called, I always think great concern is going save and go check it out.
Okay.
Is that right?
Now we can use.
Is going to break this down.
You can use Maine as I meant.
Maine, us I alignment.
Made us this alignment.
The space between.
Okay, are the change.
Come and go see what it does.
Okay.
Now, you can see it is way too far from issue there.
Right.
Okay.
So what we can do is instead of this.
We can get rid of this too, just with that.
Okay.
The first one is you're right.
Get rid of it.
And the second.
And you're right.
Okay.
Get rid of it.
I'm just going to give.
Sorry, is country and.
Okay, I'm just gonna do this.
So if I said, well, are you going to get rid of this?
Tests.
We get the second and this.
Okay.
So it is.
It's right.
So now what we can do within the RO widgets, we can add another rule.
Okay.
Another rule.
We just duke it out.
The children.
Right.
Okay, great.
And over a year we can then have the first we get.
Which is just going to say you are.
View.
Okay.
Good.
Then we're going to have the second widget, which is going to be an icon widget, like I said.
That's our system of privacy.
We're going to need a container.
Container.
Okay, then the child.
Then we're going to have the High Court, which adds.
Then it's going to be I cause.
I cause arrow.
Arrow on this car forward.
This guy is controlling this the save.
And you're going to see this.
Okay.
You can see it is now very close compared to before.
So we are in a role.
If I start raising their role inside the role.
So then this is just going to start from the last widget instead of giving such huge space.
Right.
Okay, great.
Now, what you're going to do is you're going to try to tie this arrow to look.
So for that, going to try to style this area safe to look exactly like this.
You've seen this before.
I think he can do this.
So try.
It is similar to decide to try to do.
Yes.
Right.
So try to make this arrow.
That is your assignment.
Try to make this arrow.
This are where I think you.
They look just exactly like this.
Well, before then, they're going to give some students a space between the edges.
Okay.
Let's do that.
Where they are, they concerned is right.
So we can have a project.
It's going to be edge.
Edge inserts darts hall.
Okay.
All we can say is that the symmetric.
Then what you're going to say first is or isn't the eurozone to us to do with the left or right?
That is, we are just trying to say we want to give space between the left and the right.
So, once again, space between the left and the right of 25 that we can see Vertica.
The Vertica out to do it top to bottom.
That is once again a space from this top.
So the bottom is going to go 25 from the top.
Okay.
So for the Vertica, because as I'll say, 25 year contract, this is safe and good.
Check it out.
Is going to come down and we will be in that space.
Okay, great.
So now the segment is trying to make this icon look similar to this.
Okay.
Okay, guys.
See you.